As recorded at Luke 6:38,
Jesus encouraged his followers
to “practice giving.”
Your generous gifts of time, energy,
and financial resources have shown
that you take this encouragement to heart.
You have made a practice of giving
by continuing to look for ways
you can support one another,
both locally and globally.
The Governing Body
has asked me to convey to you
their sincere appreciation
for your practice of giving.
Your kindness contributes
to the spirit that Jesus goes on to describe
at Luke 6:38:
“Practice giving,
“and people will give to you.
“They will pour into your laps
“a fine measure, pressed down,
“shaken together, and overflowing.
“For with the measure
“that you are measuring out,
they will measure out to you in return.”
Even if you feel
your contributions are small,
never forget that every one
of your acts of generosity
contributes to a ripple effect
that goes from person to person
and promotes generosity
throughout our entire brotherhood.
In the following video,
notice some examples of how your donations
were used to help
our brothers and sisters recently
and how those same ones
were then motivated
to “practice giving” themselves.
I am deeply grateful
for the valuable help I receive
from the videos for the midweek meetings.
These have helped me
to make simpler presentations
and many times to find just the right
scripture to answer a certain question.
They have also helped me to make
better use of the videos in the ministry.
I feel happy
and very cared for by Jehovah,
who gives us
what we need and in the best way.
And I am also aware
that to have all these beautiful things,
resources are needed
—resources to continue producing videos
that teach us and that move us so much.
So I am determined
to continue planning my donations
so that I can contribute
and show my gratitude to Jehovah
for the wonderful work they do.
I have enjoyed
life at Bethel for almost 60 years,
and I have lived
in various different buildings.
The needs of the work were
cared for at the previous branch
for more than 30 years.
It was very nice,
and I experienced
a certain nostalgia when I left it.
Now we have something
that we would never even have imagined
when we started talking about a new branch.
It is really comfortable, beautiful,
functional, and worthy
of the God we represent.
Today, I thank our loving
heavenly Father, Jehovah,
for this new branch,
and I do not forget to thank the brothers
for their generous contributions.
This reminds me that I also
have to make my own donations,
just as every other member
of the Bethel family does.
I am very happy and very grateful to Jehovah
for allowing me
to enjoy this beautiful provision!
I work with the Boulou translation team
in Ebolowa in the south of Cameroon.
Voluntary donations
help to cover the basic needs of translators,
such as food, offices,
accommodations, and transportation.
Also, thanks to these donations,
we are happy to have received
the Enjoy Life Forever!  book in Boulou.
Publishers no longer have to translate
the material for their students.
With the book in Boulou,
they can go straight to the point,
which makes the study more interesting.
Knowing that my donations
help to realize such projects,
not only for the Boulou language
but also for the many other languages
Jehovah’s organization translates into,
is an amazing privilege!
When the Taal volcano erupted,
it had a very big effect on me personally.
And for my part,
as a wife and mother of three,
it was truly difficult for me to face.
Jehovah provided for our needs
by means of the brothers.
This truly brought us joy and happiness.
So we never felt
that we were lacking anything.
That was what encouraged us
to also help our brothers
by giving our time and energy,
especially to those in need.
Whether it is a little or a lot,
when Jehovah sees
that it comes from our heart,
he will surely value it.
It is heartwarming to see
the practice of giving
that is evident
throughout Jehovah’s organization.
Your ongoing contributions,
regardless of the size or method,
all contribute to the growth and unity
of our brotherhood.
This pattern of giving is part of our worship
and brings honor to our heavenly Father.
Despite challenging circumstances,
such as the COVID-19 pandemic,
natural disasters,
and even economic uncertainty,
you have been overwhelmingly generous.
Jehovah certainly takes note
of your generous spirit, and we do as well.
It is our prayer that Jehovah continues
to bless your practice of giving
with “a fine measure, pressed down,
shaken together, and overflowing.”
Thank you for all you have done
and continue to do!